Author withheld information extension (#1)
open-contracting-extensions/ocds_withheldInformation_extension: README.md

# Withheld information

> Adds an array of `withheldInformation` objects to describe data points that are embargoed or permanently withheld from publication.

Reviewer: I think that an embargo can be permanent so I'm not sure it's quite the right word.

```suggestion
Adds an array of `withheldInformationItem` objects to describe items of information whose publication is temporarily or permanently withheld.
```

## Legal context

> In the European Union, this extension's fields correspond to [eForms BG-8 (Not Immediately Published)](https://docs.ted.europa.eu/eforms/latest/reference/business-terms/). For correspondences to eForms fields, see [OCDS for eForms](https://standard.open-contracting.org/profiles/eforms/latest).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the European Union, this extension's fields correspond to [eForms BG-8 (Not Immediately Published)](https://docs.ted.europa.eu/eforms/latest/reference/business-terms/). For correspondences to eForms fields, see [OCDS for eForms](https://standard.open-contracting.org/profiles/eforms/latest/en/).
```

## Example

```json
{
  "withheldInformation": [
    {

>       "id": "cro-bot-law-18d27a53-0109-4f93-9231-6659d931bce0",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      "id": "cro-bor-law-18d27a53-0109-4f93-9231-6659d931bce0",
```

      "field": "cro-bor-law",
      "name": "Cross Border Law",

>       "rationale": "Information delayed publication because of ...",

Reviewer: May as well fix the grammar in the eForms example!

```suggestion
      "rationale": "Publication of this information is delayed because...",
```
